---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "looker_theme Resource - terraform-provider-looker"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Futher documentation can be found here: https://docs.looker.com/reference/api-and-integration/api-reference/v3.1/theme
---

# looker_theme (Resource)

Futher documentation can be found here: https://docs.looker.com/reference/api-and-integration/api-reference/v3.1/theme



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Name of theme. Can only be alphanumeric and underscores

### Optional

- **background_color** (String) Default background color
- **base_font_size** (String) Base font size for scaling fonts
- **color_collection_id** (String) Optional. ID of color collection to use with the theme. Use an empty string for none.
- **default** (Boolean) Only an active theme with no expiration (end_at not set) can be assigned as the default theme. As long as a theme has an active record with no expiration, it can be set as the default.
- **font_color** (String) Default font color
- **font_family** (String) Primary font family
- **font_source** (String) Source specification for font
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **info_button_color** (String) Info button color
- **primary_button_color** (String) Primary button color
- **show_filters_bar** (Boolean) Toggle to show filters. Defaults to true
- **show_title** (Boolean) Togle to show the title. Defaults to true
- **text_tile_text_color** (String) Text color for the text tiles
- **tile_background_color** (String) Background color for tiles
- **tile_shadow** (Boolean) Toggles the tile shadow (New Dashboards)
- **tile_text_color** (String) text color for tiles
- **tile_title_alignment** (String) The text alignment of tile titles (New Dashboards)
- **title_color** (String) Color for titles
- **warn_button_color** (String) Warning button color


